Responsibilities
Global E-Commerce Team is a content E-commerce business with international short video products as the carrier. It is committed to becoming the first choice for users to discover and purchase good products at affordable prices. The global E-commerce business team hopes to provide users with a more tailored and efficient consumption experience, enabling merchants to receive reliable platform services in different scenarios such as live E-commerce, and short video content E-commerce, so as to make more affordable and high-quality products sell easily and a better life within reach. We are looking for talented individuals to join our team. As a graduate, you will get opportunities to pursue bold ideas, tackle complex challenges, and unlock limitless growth. Successful candidates must be able to commit to an onboarding date by the end of the year. Please state your availability and graduation date clearly in your resume. Candidates can apply to a maximum of two positions and will be considered for jobs in the order you apply. The application limit is applicable to our Company and its affiliates' jobs globally. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis - we encourage you to apply early. Candidates who pass resume screening will be invited to participate in Our Company's technical online assessment. Responsibilities: - Develop efficient, highly scalable and secure backend services that power E-commerce products and platform capabilities. - Optimize backend systems and services for reliability, modularity, computational efficiency, scalability, and data security. - Design and develop APIs, data services, and core platform components that support product innovation and business growth. - Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to deliver robust technical solutions for rapidly evolving product needs. - Apply AI-assisted development practices to improve engineering productivity, code quality, debugging efficiency, and service observability. - Build backend capabilities that support AI-powered product experiences, intelligent automation, and data-driven decision-making where applicable.
Qualifications
Minimum Qualifications: - Individuals who are completing or have recently completed a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related discipline. - Familiarity with backend development and proficiency in at least one programming language such as Java, Golang, Python, Scala, or C++. - Understanding of data structures, algorithms, operating systems, computer networks, and scalable system design. - Familiarity with common databases, caching systems, or messaging frameworks such as MySQL, Redis, or Kafka. - Basic understanding of software security, privacy protection, and engineering best practices. Preferred Qualifications: - Strong problem-solving skills and a solid sense of ownership. - Demonstrated interest in building reliable platforms and large-scale internet services. - Familiarity with AI-assisted coding tools, engineering productivity workflows, or backend systems supporting intelligent applications. - Comfortable working in a fast-moving, collaborative, and globally distributed team environment.
Job Information
【For Pay Transparency】Compensation Description (Annually)
The base salary range for this position in the selected city is $128000 - $256000 annually.
Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidate’s qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work, and this role may be eligible for additional discretionary bonuses/incentives, and restricted stock units.
Benefits may vary depending on the nature of employment and the country work location. Employees have day one access to medical, dental, and vision insurance, a 401(k) savings plan with company match, paid parental leave, short-term and long-term disability coverage, life insurance, wellbeing benefits, among others. Employees also receive 10 paid holidays per year, 10 paid sick days per year and 17 days of Paid Personal Time (prorated upon hire with increasing accruals by tenure).
The Company reserves the right to modify or change these benefits programs at any time, with or without notice.
For Los Angeles County (unincorporated) Candidates:
Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws including the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Our company believes that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship on the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of the conditional offer of employment:
1. Interacting and occasionally having unsupervised contact with internal/external clients and/or colleagues;
2. Appropriately handling and managing confidential information including proprietary and trade secret information and access to information technology systems; and
3. Exercising sound judgment.
About TikTok
TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. TikTok's global headquarters are in Los Angeles and Singapore, and we also have offices in New York City, London, Dublin, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Jakarta, Seoul, and Tokyo.
Why Join Us
Inspiring creativity is at the core of TikTok's mission. Our innovative product is built to help people authentically express themselves, discover and connect – and our global, diverse teams make that possible. Together, we create value for our communities, inspire creativity and bring joy - a mission we work towards every day.
We strive to do great things with great people. We lead with curiosity, humility, and a desire to make impact in a rapidly growing tech company. Every challenge is an opportunity to learn and innovate as one team. We're resilient and embrace challenges as they come. By constantly iterating and fostering an "Always Day 1" mindset, we achieve meaningful breakthroughs for ourselves, our company, and our users. When we create and grow together, the possibilities are limitless. Join us.
Diversity & Inclusion
TikTok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.
TikTok Accommodation
TikTok is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our recruitment processes for candidates with disabilities, pregnancy, sincerely held religious beliefs or other reasons protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please reach out to us at https://tinyurl.com/RA-request
@2026 TikTok