Responsibilities
About the Team: Our team works to build out the development services that enable engineers to deliver high-quality features and systems to our users. We aim to provide systems enabling software development streamline and productive. The systems we are building include Cloud IDE, Intelligent Unit Test Generation, code and build systems, CI/CD software, Micro service management and monitoring. We are looking for talented individuals to join our team in 2026. As a graduate, you will get opportunities to pursue bold ideas, tackle complex challenges, and unlock limitless growth. Launch your career where inspiration is infinite at ByteDance. Successful candidates must be able to commit to an onboarding date by end of year 2026. Please state your availability and graduation date clearly in your resume. Candidates can apply to a maximum of two positions and will be considered for jobs in the order you apply. The application limit is applicable to ByteDance and its affiliates' jobs globally. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis - we encourage you to apply early. As a software engineer in the R&D Services team, you will: - Build development infra including Cloud IDE, Repo&code management and CI/CD systems. - Build advanced intelligent data platforms, help client developers make decisions to optimize the user experience of our products. - Build ByteDance staging environment for TikTok, Ads, Shopping to enable internal isolate user and traffic from Prod, scale distributed applications, tweak technology like K8S, RPC, DB, MQ, KAFKA, HDFS, Hive, Yarn, build monitor and alert system. - Research and convert state of art computer engineering technology into the real product.
Qualifications
Minimum Qualifications: - Individuals who are completing or have recently completed a Bachelor’s degree in Software Development, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical discipline. - Experience working with Android/Java/Objective-C/Python/Golang. - Experience in one or more of the following: private or public cloud, backend architecture, storage system, databases, CI/CD system, build infrastructure and big data. Preferred Qualifications: - Full-stack development experience. - Strong strategic thinking and team collaboration skills.
Job Information
【For Pay Transparency】Compensation Description (Annually)
The base salary range for this position in the selected city is $122574 - $256000 annually.
Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidate’s qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work, and this role may be eligible for additional discretionary bonuses/incentives, and restricted stock units.
Benefits may vary depending on the nature of employment and the country work location. Employees have day one access to medical, dental, and vision insurance, a 401(k) savings plan with company match, paid parental leave, short-term and long-term disability coverage, life insurance, wellbeing benefits, among others. Employees also receive 10 paid holidays per year, 10 paid sick days per year and 17 days of Paid Personal Time (prorated upon hire with increasing accruals by tenure).
The Company reserves the right to modify or change these benefits programs at any time, with or without notice.
For Los Angeles County (unincorporated) Candidates:
Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws including the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Our company believes that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship on the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of the conditional offer of employment:
1. Interacting and occasionally having unsupervised contact with internal/external clients and/or colleagues;
2. Appropriately handling and managing confidential information including proprietary and trade secret information and access to information technology systems; and
3. Exercising sound judgment.
About Us
Founded in 2012, ByteDance's mission is to inspire creativity and enrich life. With a suite of more than a dozen products, including TikTok, Lemon8, CapCut and Pico as well as platforms specific to the China market, including Toutiao, Douyin, and Xigua, ByteDance has made it easier and more fun for people to connect with, consume, and create content.
Why Join ByteDance
Inspiring creativity is at the core of ByteDance's mission. Our innovative products are built to help people authentically express themselves, discover and connect – and our global, diverse teams make that possible. Together, we create value for our communities, inspire creativity and enrich life - a mission we work towards every day.
As ByteDancers, we strive to do great things with great people. We lead with curiosity, humility, and a desire to make impact in a rapidly growing tech company. By constantly iterating and fostering an "Always Day 1" mindset, we achieve meaningful breakthroughs for ourselves, our Company, and our users. When we create and grow together, the possibilities are limitless. Join us.
Diversity & Inclusion
ByteDance is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At ByteDance, our mission is to inspire creativity and enrich life. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.
Reasonable Accommodation
ByteDance is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our recruitment processes for candidates with disabilities, pregnancy, sincerely held religious beliefs or other reasons protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please reach out to us at https://tinyurl.com/RA-request